How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

   it helped me compare the text line by line and hence see where the new file deviated from the old one

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    because we never know when we may make a mistake in our code. Hence having a previous version saved
    helps us have a code we can go back to 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros- I decide at what point i want the code pdated , dont have to waste resources on updation every few minutes
    Cons- We may forget to manually update sometimes , hence here automatically is better

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is basically for code where we will use either the earlier or the new one , Google doc is for 
    general doc , we may want to use all of them simultaneously(ie all may be different)

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    It helps us ompare the different commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because we can always fall back

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Start coding some software:)

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	because i wouldnt be afraid to make changes to previously working code

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	pro-each commit has associated it with the reason why it was done - tracking changes is easy 
	cons - i may be too laxy to commit and save multiple changes in the same commit 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	using git log get the id for each of the comiits you have made and identify which commit you wanna check . then using git diff find the changes made in subsequent commits 